Alrighty, so let's go ahead
and move into Eclipse, and what we're going to do
is actually go through the demo
of using default bean ids with Spring,
and what I'd like to do is continue
to use an existing project,
and we're going to make some modifications
to our TennisCoach,
and what we're going to do actually with this TennisCoach
is that we're actually going to remove
the explicit bean id from that class,
so right now on line five I give the explicit bean id
of thatSillyCoach, and what I want to do
is actually remove it.
We want to have Spring linkings of the default bean id,
so I'll just simply highlight this whole section here
of that explicit bean id, and I'll just hit the delete key
to actually remove this from my TennisCoach,
from my TennisCoach class.
Alright so there we go, so now just add component.
Note here that this will now use the default bean id
because we didn't explicitly give one,
and remember the default bean id
is the same name as the class except
that the first character is lower case.
Alright, so now let's go ahead and move
into our actual application because we'll need
to make some changes to our app
when we actually retrieve the bean.
So here's my annotation demo app,
and I'm going to move down to lines 13 and 14,
so this is where we actually get the bean
from the Spring container, and I'm going to modify
this code now to actually use the default bean id,
so instead of using thatSillyCoach,
I'm actually going to remove this reference
and instead I'll use the default bean id,
tennisCoach, again same name as the class,
the first character is lowercase.
So that'll actually retrieve this bean
from the Spring container, then I can use it
later on in my application.
Alright, so this looks pretty good so far.
Alright so let's go ahead and save this application.
Let's go ahead and run it.
So I'll simply do my right click,
I choose run as, I choose run as a Java application.
Okay great, so it's up and running.
Here's our output.
So we read the information from the configuration file.
It does the component scanning, and good,
so we get our output, practice your backhand volley,
so this is good, so it means that hey,
it found the bean and we were able to call our method on,
so this is all good,
so the use of that default bean id
worked out just fine for us, and that's great.
I'm kind of happy about that.
But I want to try and break some things here.
When everything runs fine, you're like okay, cool,
it's fine, but let's try and break it,
and the way I'm going to try and break this
is that when I get the bean from the Spring container,
instead of using the default id,
I'm actually going to use thatSillyCoach.
That's what I had before.
I'm going to use thatSillyCoach,
but our TennisCoach doesn't have thatSillyCoach.
They're simply using the default id,
so here I'm trying to call thatSillyCoach,
you know, trying to break things here, okay.
So let's run this and let's see what all happens,
so right click, run as a Java application.
And it's running and then it kind of blows up on us,
you know, with the exception and this ugly stack trace.
Aye aye aye.
Alright, let's see what the problem is.
Oh, no such bean definition, so no bean named
thatSillyCoach is a find.
Hmm, so the explicit name is not given on the class,
so that means when Spring does the component scanning,
the bean is registered with its default bean id,
so in our code we'd have to use a default bean id
to actually retrieve it.
Ah, okay so that's it, but this is really good.
I'm glad you're seeing this error now
because you may see this when you write
some of your other Spring applications.
You have to make sure you use the correct name
when you retreat it, so here back in my code,
I'm going back and I'm putting in the default bean id
of tennisCoach, just to make sure that everything
will work properly because it's actually defined
using the default bean id.
Right click, run as, Java app,
and this time everything's going to work out just fine
for us, just like it did earlier
when we first ran the application,
so it found the bean and it printed out the method
and so on, so again, just make sure you use
the correct bean id when you write your application,
so either a explicit bean id or the default bean id,
and it all depends on how that bean is actually defined,
and you can always find this out
by simply looking at the source code
and looking at the definition
of the at component annotation.
Alright, so hopefully you enjoyed this.
We showed you the happy path
and then I also showed you what will happen
if I break it and we run into errors,
and then finally how to put it all back together
and resolve it.
Okay great.
So these are some really good tips and tricks for you.
You were successful here in making use
of the default bean id,
and I say congratulations and I will see you
in the next video.